yo check this out I'm over here right
I'm coming over here ya go and watch the
car moving things around and I find this
damn thing in my garage I kind of see
this thing gonna attack the out of
me
look at that he's pissed I got him in
the bucket it took me like forever to
get him in the bucket I don't know what
he's trying to do the book he's trying
to get to me he's pissed I don't know
what kind of sneak it is but he sure is
pretty or she or he or whatever he's all
curled up trying to get out trying to
get me I don't know kind of think it is
it looks like a red baby Python or
something I don't know but he's read
anybody no one comes think this is and
if it's poisonous and if I was crazy
enough to get near it was I in danger
you know look at him go man I feel bad I
had to I had to piss him off to get him
in the bucket but you know look at that
thing that he is all curled up
the hell
calm down snake and he's fast you got a
piece of meat here I'm gonna attempt to
feed the snake just to be a nice guy
hey snake he that bit me
so I found out what kind of think it is
it's a corn snake candy cane corn snake
so these that's what I pulled up it says
it's supposed to be docile and like a
nice little pet to have but uh oh this
thing is pissed off right now
this thing all coiled up
I think I'm gonna go dump in the woods
with this little piece of meat that I
gave him sure is pretty
listen to my son back there freaking out